feat: Update grouping docs to new features (#2162)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/data-management/event-grouping/server-side-fingerprinting.mdx

```

All values are matched against, and in the case of stack traces, all frames are considered.

> If all matches in a line match then the fingerprint is applied. The syntax follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If all matches in a line match, then the fingerprint is applied. The syntax follows
```

> the syntax from discover queries. If you want to negate the match you can prefix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the syntax from Discover queries. If you want to negate the match, you can prefix
```

`message`

> : matches on a log message. This will also automatically check for the exception value in addition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: matches on a log message. This will also automatically check for the additional exception value.
```

- `package`
- `app`

Don't forget that you can also use the variables `{{ function }}`, `{{ default }}`, `{{ transaction }}`, `{{ type }}`, `{{ function }}`, `{{ module }}`, `{{ package }}`, `{{ logger }}`, `{{ level }}`, and

> `{{ tags.tag_name }}` to customize fingerprinting like you can do if the client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{{ tags.tag_name }}` to customize fingerprinting as you can if the client
```

# group all TimeoutError exceptions by the transaction that caused them
type:TimeoutError -> {{ transaction }}

> # group all javascript errors in a module by the topmost module and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# group all JavaScript errors in a module by the topmost module and
```
